# About oobe {#about-oobe .oobe-Heading-1-Non-TOC}

#  {#section .oobe-Para-Line-Only}

## Things we're pretty great at

oobe is reinventing how businesses engage with technology providers.
Moving beyond traditional systems integration, empowering teams to
deliver real outcomes, faster, with a services and product portfolio
that spans end-user computing, apps, data, cloud and cyber. We craft
solutions to uncomplicate work lives.

oobe believes that simplicity is key for the platforms we deliver to our
clients. oobe documentation deliverables include a broad set of
As-Built, As Configured (ABAC) and Standard Operating Procedure (SOP)
documents aimed at supporting our clients in running and maintaining
their newly deployed systems. ABACs and SOPs are delivered to ensure
that solutions configured/deployed are understood and maintained as the
platform evolves into the future.

**oobe delivers secure, scalable and agile cloud environments to host a
combination of IaaS, PaaS and SaaS offerings designed to meet
organisational requirements in a security-compliant manner.**

Our credentials in delivery of large-scale solutions across State
Government, Federal Government and Private sector clients are extensive.
oobe has delivered secure enterprise-scale solutions for:

Department of Defence, Australian Taxation Office, Australian Bureau of
Statistics, Department of Home Affairs, Department of Foreign Affairs,
CleanCo, Flight Centre, Department of Finance, Department of Employment
and Workplace Relations, IP Australia, Sport Australia, Department of
Prime Minister and Cabinet, Department of Parliamentary Services and
several federal government security organisations.

With over 34,000 desktops and counting, oobe is the leading systems
integrator for Windows 10 design, deployments and migrations across
Federal government. To complement Windows 10, oobe has deployed and
configured Microsoft 365 for a wide range of clients to increase their
security posture and align to the Digital Transformation Agency (DTA)
Protected Utility Blueprint.

oobe has demonstrated experience in delivering IRAP assessed
environments for large federal and state government clients. Our system
environments are developed to deliver a reliable and repeatable build
process ensuring standardisation across the server, desktop and mobile
fleet. We have Managed Operating Environment engagements with our
clients, we are adept at business transformation programs and have
extensive experience in security assessments and uplifts for
on-premises, VDI and cloud environments.

<div style="page-break-before:always"></div>