# Annex A - Perimeta® For 365 Terms and Conditions {#annex-a---perimeta®-for-365-terms-and-conditions .oobe-Heading-1-Non-TOC}

#  {#section .oobe-Para-Line-Only}

Upon receipt of the customer's payment of the applicable monthly fees,
oobe grants to the Customer a non-exclusive, non-transferable,
non-assignable, non-sub-licensable licence (the Licence) to use the
Perimeta for 365 Technology with effect from the Commencement Date.

oobe reserves all rights with respect to the Perimeta for 365
Technology, including but not limited to the right to reproduce, modify,
create derivative works, sub-license, transfer or assign, distribute or
sell, improve or commercialise the Intellectual Property Rights.

Fees are payable in arrears on a monthly basis for a minimum term of 12
months by electronic transfer of funds only.

This License commences upon provision of Customer portal access and will
have an initial term of one year. Upon expiration of the initial term,
this License will automatically renew and continue until otherwise
notified. Either party (oobe or the customer) may terminate the Licence
with two months' notice.

Perimeta for 365 License cost is calculated on a per user basis[^1] .
The total user count is determined by the number of assigned Office 365
licenses in a single Office 365 subscription. The total number of users
is retrieved automatically at the end of billing month.

The Customer will maintain all administrative, physical and technical
safeguards for protection of the security, confidentiality and integrity
of Client Data stored within their Microsoft 365 subscription.

The Customer acknowledges that oobe does not store any Client Data, and
that the License facilitates the secure storage of Client Configuration
Information only.

The Customer acknowledges that Perimeta for 365 provides enforcement of
the configuration that is determined by the Customer. Perimeta for 365
provides guidance and recommendations for a secure configuration, but
the Customer takes sole responsibility for the suitability and
completeness of the configuration that they apply.

[^1]:

<div style="page-break-before:always"></div>