## Approach {#approach .oobe-Heading-2-Non-TOC}

oobe has prepared this proposal outlining the Perimeta for 365
onboarding process for a potential onboarding with Austrade's Microsoft
365 tenant. The information below is designed to highlight a streamline
onboarding process of Perimeta for 365 service across the Austrade's
Microsoft 365 environment. Below are the key phases oobe will perform as
part of the onboarding process:

1.  Engagement

2.  Deployment

3.  Service Assessment

## Engagement {#engagement.oobe-Heading-2-Non-TOC}

This initial phase is designed to onboard clients smoothly to the
Perimeta for 365 service. oobe will distribute a pre-defined
requirements questionnaire to capture Austrade's requirements and
information for the deployment. A representative from Austrade will
populate required information into the questionnaire and return it to
oobe's Perimeta deployment team.

Once received, oobe will validate the inputs and host a pre-defined
workshop to provide an overview of the solution. This workshop will
allow oobe to ascertain any final requirements from stakeholders prior
to the Perimeta for 365 deployment.

The Engagement phase allows oobe to clarify inputs and information
provided by Austrade prior to the deployment of the Perimeta for 365
service. The process will also provide agency stakeholders the
opportunity to further understand the Perimeta for 365 service prior to
deployment.

## Deployment {#deployment .oobe-Heading-2-Non-TOC}

Leveraging the information identified and validated during the
Engagement phase, oobe will complete the technical onboarding process of
Perimeta for 365 across Austrade's Microsoft 365 environment. This
includes configuring Perimeta for 365 to access the Austrade's Microsoft
365 environment using least privilege permissions (the Perimeta for 365
compliance service only performs read operations) -- ensuring minimal
access is provided and configured.

If changes (e.g. remediation, updates) are required to Austrade's
Microsoft 365 environment by the Perimeta for 365 service, Perimeta for
365 will perform the action by prompting for suitable elevated
credentials from Austrade first before executing any automated change/s.
The prompt for credentials provides Austrade complete control across its
Microsoft 365 environment.

Once Perimeta for 365 is deployed, Austrade will be able to update
Microsoft 365 configuration directly from the PerimetaÂ® portal. This
provides Austrade administrators with a simplified view of Microsoft 365
settings across categories such as SharePoint, OneDrive, Exchange, Cloud
App Security, Azure Active Directory and Audit Policies.

<div style="page-break-before:always"></div>