## Engage Phase {#engage-phase .oobe-Heading-2-Non-TOC}

This phase will focus on ensuring clear alignment between the
organisation's objectives and the intended Microsoft 365 architecture
and configuration. oobe engineers will work closely with {//COMPANY
SHORT NAME//} project stakeholders to complete an accelerated discovery
process. oobe will host a range of technical and business requirements
workshops to capture and audit current and emerging Microsoft 365
service requirements. oobe's engage phase ensures the delivered solution
architecture meets {//COMPANY SHORT NAME//}'s own unique requirements.

### Discovery Workshop(s) {#discovery-workshop(s) .oobe-Heading-3-Non-TOC}

oobe will execute a streamlined requirement gathering process by
delivering tailored discovery workshop(s). oobe will provide a set of
pre-defined questions for {//COMPANY SHORT NAME//} stakeholders to
consider prior to attending the discovery workshop(s). oobe will then
execute our proven discovery workshop process to identify and document
project requirements. The accelerated Engage phase is expected to take 1
week from the initial engagement, pending availability of {//COMPANY
SHORT NAME//} stakeholders.

  -----------------------------------------------------------------------
  Engage Phase Tasks
  -----------------------------------------------------------------------
  Requirements Workshop Preparation

  Presentation of the DTA Protected Utility Blueprint Documentation

  Execution of streamlined Discovery Workshop(s)

  Delivery of Discovery Workshop Minutes
  -----------------------------------------------------------------------

  : Table 1 \| Engage Phase Tasks

### Documentation Deliverables {#documentation-deliverables .oobe-Heading-3-Non-TOC}

The documents to be produced during this phase include the following:

Requirements Workshop Agenda

Discovery Workshop Minutes

### oobe Quality Assurance Checkpoints {#oobe-quality-assurance-checkpoints .oobe-Heading-3-Non-TOC}

Execution of the workshops ensures that oobe engineering have a clear
and thorough understanding of {//COMPANY SHORT NAME//}'s vision for the
service. Leveraging oobe's Engage Phase process ensures that stakeholder
conversations are accurately recorded in the delivered Discovery
Workshop Minutes. {//COMPANY SHORT NAME//} can leverage the minutes as
the first Quality Assurance Checkpoint in the design process. oobe have
seen the value of this process as it drives quality outcomes for
Commonwealth projects time and time again.

<div style="page-break-before:always"></div>