# <a id="_Toc73990278"></a>![](data:image/png;base64,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)  
<a id="_Toc32181805"></a><a id="_Toc39652717"></a><a id="_Toc27692036"></a>

# Marcosine {#marcosine .oobe-Heading-1-Non-TOC}

#  {#section .oobe-Para-Line-Only}

oobe has developed a proven solution and approach to meeting the
Essential 8 Macro signing requirement as recommended by the ACSC
Essential 8. oobe have deployed its approach for other Commonwealth
Government customers, which has been reviewed by the ACSC. The ACSC has
subsequently recommended our approach and solution to other Commonwealth
Government agencies.

oobe's Macrosine will position {//COMPANY SHORT NAME//} to enjoy the
productivity benefits of Microsoft Office macros while minimising the
risk of macro-based threats and ensuring compliance with ACSC's
Essential Eight. The solution inspects submitted macros in the
{//COMPANY SHORT NAME//} environment, including those introduced as
email attachments via automatic blocking and end user workflow
submission, as well as any developed internally. Safe macros are
automatically signed and can be used as normal, while risky macros are
blocked, keeping you secure.

Macrosine is a fully software defined solution designed to seamlessly
address the security requirements associated with the use of Microsoft
Office macros by end users. {//COMPANY SHORT NAME//} users can access
the capabilities they need without compromising {//COMPANY SHORT
NAME//}'s security posture. Using sophisticated sandbox tooling,
Macrosine will inspect, identify, and alert on malicious threats before
they cause a potentially catastrophic security incident. A key feature
of Macrosine is signing safe macros in submitted documents and returning
to the user automatically to reduce security overheads.

oobe's Macrosine solution can be hosted natively in the cloud or within
an organisation's on-premises environment. Regardless of the location,
we will ensure you can safely access macro embedded files. oobe has
included our Macrosine solution as an optional delivery component for
{//COMPANY SHORT NAME//}'s consideration.\
\
***Overview***

Macros are a valuable business technology, increasing organisation
efficiencies by automating manual tasks, however they carry a large
amount of risk with this functionality, because of their power and easy
distribution. The risk is related to the fact that macros run with the
permissions of the user, and they are easily delivered in malicious
emails to users and administrators alike.

Macrosine allows for the risk identification and controlled use of macro
enabled documents. This identification of risk allows an organisation to
use macros that meets their identified risk appetite, while letting
users have the functionality of macros. The general use of the system is
shown in Figure 1, showing the major components of this on-premises
solution. With a user submitting a document and receiving a signed copy
if it passes the required checks.

Restricting the use of macros is an important component of the ACSC
essential eight to mitigate cyber incidents, and Macrosine helps
organisations work towards meeting the requirements of maturity levels
two and three.

Figure 3 \| Macrosine System Overview

![](media/image2.png){width="6.300694444444445in"
height="3.1534722222222222in"}

The system workflow as shown in Figure 3 is made up of the following
steps:

User navigates to the Macrosine webpage and uploads the macro-enabled
document

The document is scanned to identify the level of risk the document

The document is marked with the level of risk that the automated process
has identified

At this point, if the document has a risk level at or lower than the
level of risk that is permitted it can be released to the user

The user is now able to download the document from the web portal, it is
signed on download[^1] with a key associated with the organisations risk
policy. If the document was identified as having a level of risk beyond
that which is acceptable it will not be available for download.

[^1]:

<div style="page-break-before:always"></div>