## DTA Protected Utility - Approach {#dta-protected-utility---approach .oobe-Heading-2-Non-TOC}

oobe engineering authored the DTA Protected Utility to deliver a
comprehensive Microsoft Modern Workplace architecture that can be
leveraged across Commonwealth and State Government departments, and
National and Secure Infrastructure providers.

oobe will leverage the following artefacts we have developed in
conjunction with the DTA, the Australian Cyber Security Centre (ACSC),
and Microsoft Australia.

Figure 1 - DTA Protected Utility

![](data:image/png;base64,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)![](data:image/png;base64,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)


The Protected Utility approach streamlines service design, de-risks and
expedites delivery.

oobe propose to leverage our Perimeta for 365 deployment, configuration,
and monitoring service for Microsoft 365 tenants, to accelerate the
{//Company Short Name//}'s deployment of the DTA Protected Utility. The
accelerated deployment positions the {//Company Short Name//} project
team to focus on {//Company Short Name//} specific use cases.

oobe is likely to leverage additional oobe team members for specific
technology components during the build and configuration phases. oobe
have achieved efficiencies during previous deployments by leveraging
technology specific expertise across the Microsoft 365 technology stack.
This approach ensures the agency's deployment is expedited, risk is
minimised and oobe is well positioned to assist {//Company Short Name//}
with specific business challenges in each deployment of the DTA
Protected Utility. oobe will communicate resource allocations with the
project team throughout the engagement.

The DTA Protected Utility service documentation has been developed by
oobe and the DTA, in conjunction with the ACSC, Shearwater and Microsoft
Australia. Leveraging the DTA Protected Utility documentation set
positions {//Company Short Name//} to deploy a verified security
configuration for a Microsoft Modern Workplace platform. oobe can work
with the project team on the delivery of an uplifted DTA Protected
Utility security documentation set (SSP - including SOA appendix, SRMP,
IRP, and Security SOP).

The uplifted security documentation will provide the agency with
artefacts to help complete an IRAP assessment. This documentation set
has been produced by oobe in partnership with the DTA, the ACSC,
Shearwater and Microsoft Australia. The documentation set will align
with the Microsoft 365 platform configuration applied to the {//Company
Short Name//} service and monitored by oobe's Perimeta® for 365 service.

oobe's Perimeta® for 365 service will be leveraged to ensure alignment
with PSPF and ISM control standards up to PROTECTED classification. oobe
has demonstrated experience assisting our customers to align with
official Microsoft and ACSC guidance. oobe has included 12 months of
Perimeta® for 365 compliance monitoring to ensure the delivered platform
is maintained and remains in line with the required security posture set
by ACSC guidance and delivered designs.

<div style="page-break-before:always"></div>