# Optional Services {#optional-services .oobe-Heading-1-Non-TOC}

#  {#section .oobe-Para-Line-Heading-1}

## Protective Markings, Internet Gateway And Govlink Connectivity (Optional) {#protective-markings,-internet-gateway-and-govlink-connectivity .oobe-Heading-2-Non-TOC}

oobe note additional engineering services may be required to achieve a
security compliant architecture with Internet Gateway and GovLink
on-ramp services. In the event the {//COMPANY SHORT NAME//}
implementation requires additional gateway services, oobe propose to
work with {//COMPANY SHORT NAME//} and their stakeholders to develop the
required architecture to meet Commonwealth security requirements. oobe
will leverage a flexible Time and Materials approach to deliver the
engineering services required. This may require the implementation of
additional protective markings configuration to comply with PSPF
guidance. oobe is pleased to offer this service to {//COMPANY SHORT
NAME//} as an optional pricing component.

##  Express Route \| Express Route Direct Connectivity (Optional) {express-route-\|-express-route-direct-connectivity .oobe-Heading-2-Non-TOC}

oobe will execute proven methods to successfully extend {//COMPANY SHORT
NAME//}'s on-premises environment securely to Azure via ExpressRoute or
ExpressRoute Direct. oobe engineers will conduct a technical workshop
with {//COMPANY SHORT NAME//} network specialists to define the
configuration and integration of ExpressRoute or ExpressRoute Direct
with the existing network environment. oobe will produce a Solution
Design document that describes the architecture and configuration of
ExpressRoute or ExpressRoute Direct as required for the establishment of
Perimeta. The Solution Design document will also include details of how
the architecture can be leveraged across multiple regions for increased
availability and to access additional Microsoft cloud services such as
Office 365.

The implementation of ExpressRoute or ExpressRoute Direct will be
limited to the configuration required for the Perimeta for Azure in a
single Data Centre, including consideration for Office 365.
Configuration for Multi-Data Centre availability, and Dynamics 365 are
not priced in this statement of work.

  -----------------------------------------------------------------------
  On-Premises to Azure Network Connectivity
  -----------------------------------------------------------------------
  Technical Workshop

  Implementation Plan

  BGP Route Configuration

  CDC Cross Connect order

  Cross Connect configuration

  Configure ExpressRoute or ExpressRoute Direct Circuit

  Configure Peering

  Assist with router configuration

  Liaise with Microsoft and CDC

  Deployment in collaboration with {//COMPANY SHORT NAME//} network
  engineer
  -----------------------------------------------------------------------

  : Table 6 \| Network Connectivity Tasks and Deliverables

#### Documentation Deliverables {#documentation-deliverables .oobe-Heading-4-Non-TOC}

The documents to be produced during this phase include the following:

ExpressRoute Solution Overview Document

## Azure Active Directory (AAD) (Optional) {#azure-active-directory-(aad)-(optional) .oobe-Heading-2-Non-TOC}

oobe will leverage our experience on previous Commonwealth Microsoft 365
implementations to accelerate the deployment and configuration of AD
Connect. oobe will review {//COMPANY SHORT NAME//}'s extant AD Connect
configuration, or deploy AD Connect to sync on-premises {//COMPANY SHORT
NAME//} identities into Azure Active Directory (AAD). oobe will work
with {//COMPANY SHORT NAME//} project stakeholders providing filtered
synchronisation to ensure {//COMPANY SHORT NAME//} identity
synchronisation is established in a controlled manner.

oobe will configure AD Connect in line with the DTA Protected Utility
guidance, leveraging Pass-Through Authentication as the authentication
mechanism for AAD. oobe have not scoped in effort required to leverage
an existing or deploy a new Active Directory Federation Services (ADFS)
service. This can be negotiated outside of this SOW should {//COMPANY
SHORT NAME//} wish to leverage ADFS as the Authentication Mechanism for
AAD.

  -----------------------------------------------------------------------
  AD Connect Configuration
  -----------------------------------------------------------------------
  Technical Workshop

  Implementation Planning

  Implementation Pre-requisites

  AD Connect Build and Configuration

  Identity Synchronisation Filtering

  Validation of Identity Synchronisation
  -----------------------------------------------------------------------

  : Table 7 \| AD Connect Tasks and Deliverables

#### Documentation Deliverables {#documentation-deliverables .oobe-Heading-4-Non-TOC}

The documents to be produced during this phase include the following:

â€¢ AD Connect As Built As Configured (ABAC) document

<div style="page-break-before:always"></div>