# Microsoft Azure Approach {#microsoft-azure-approach .oobe-Heading-1-Non-TOC}

#  {#section .oobe-Para-Line-Heading-1}

## Perimeta for Azure {#perimeta-for-azure .oobe-Heading-2-Non-TOC}

### Overview {#overview .oobe-Heading-3-Non-TOC}

Perimeta for Azure is currently the only in-market, commoditised, highly
automated, IRAP-assessed[^1] solution geared specifically towards
meeting state and federal government customer requirements for hosting
and processing classified data up to PROTECTED in Azure.

Figure 2 \| Perimeta for Azure Overview

1. Figure 2 | Perimeta for Azure Overview
2. ![](data:image/png;base64,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)


As an organisation adopts cloud services, they deploy their applications
and data into a fully software-defined environment. This environment
exists in a shared responsibility model where multiple parties are
responsible for the availability, security and integrity of the
applications and associated data. The cloud provider takes
responsibility for different layers by providing different capabilities
"as a Service (aaS)", but the configuration of those capabilities is
wholly the responsibility of the customer.

In this context the configuration of the cloud environment becomes a
critical new resource and dependency that needs to be managed and
protected. To address this requirement, oobe provides Perimeta for Azure
Deployment, Standard Support and the optional Azure Security Assessments
and Service Catalogue service to assist organisations operate
successfully and securely.

### Perimeta for Azure Deployment {#perimeta-for-azure-deployment .oobe-Heading-3-Non-TOC}

oobe will complete the Perimeta for Azure build in the identified
region/s . This includes implementing hub and spoke network
connectivity, identity and encryption boundaries, policy enforcement,
and logging and monitoring, to establish a secure framework -- enabling
rapid deployment of IaaS, PaaS and/or SaaS workloads.

oobe will build the Perimeta Hub as the dedicated central point for all
communication between the on-premises environment and Azure, and between
onboarded components within Azure. The Perimeta Hub will be configured
to leverage {//COMPANY SHORT NAME//}'s ExpressRoute or ExpressRoute
Direct connection(s) at their Data Centre or Data Centres depending on
disaster recovery requirements. Within Perimeta, oobe will either deploy
and configure Azure VPN to securely connect to {//COMPANY SHORT
NAME//}'s existing VPN termination point, or simply leverage
ExpressRoute or Express Route Direct depending on the agreed network
architecture.

Table 1 below outlines the tasks oobe will complete when deploying the
Perimeta for Azure solution.

Table 3 \| Deployment Tasks

  -----------------------------------------------------------------------
  **Build and Configuration Tasks**
  -----------------------------------------------------------------------
  Perimeta -- Virtual Data Centre overview and deployment workshop

  Perimeta -- Deploy Prerequisites (e.g. accounts, subscriptions)

  Perimeta -- Deploy Hub Subscription

  Perimeta -- Hub Subscription Configuration

  Perimeta -- Configure Firewall

  Perimeta -- Configure Azure Automation

  Perimeta -- Configure Security Center

  Perimeta -- Configure Log Analytics

  Perimeta -- Configure Hub Update Management

  Perimeta -- Configure Hub Backup

  Perimeta -- Configure Connectivity

  Perimeta -- Deploy Spoke Subscription

  Perimeta -- Spoke Subscription Configuration

  As Built As Configured Document
  -----------------------------------------------------------------------

#### Documentation Deliverables {#documentation-deliverables .oobe-Heading-4-Non-TOC}

oobe will provide {//COMPANY SHORT NAME//} with the supporting
documentation outlined at Table 2 to immediately accelerate the
onboarding, accreditation and operation of {//COMPANY SHORT NAME//}
workloads into Perimeta for Azure.

Table 4 \| Perimeta for Azure Supporting Documentation

  -----------------------------------------------------------------------
  **Document Title**
  -----------------------------------------------------------------------
  Perimeta for Azure Conceptual Design

  Perimeta for Azure System Security Plan

  Perimeta for Azure Security Risk Management Plan

  Perimeta for Azure Statement of Applicability

  Onboard spoke subscription form

  Perimeta for Azure Spoke Handbook

  Perimeta for Azure Role Based Access Control Document

  Perimeta Monthly Compliance report
  -----------------------------------------------------------------------

### Perimeta Support {#perimeta-support .oobe-Heading-3-Non-TOC}

Perimeta for Azure provides security compliance services to ensure the
environment avoids compliance drift and maintains compliance over time.
Perimeta for Azure constantly maintains the Azure cybersecurity posture
of the organisation -- quietly maintaining compliance, enforcing
policies, monitoring the perimeter of the Azure environment, and
applying policy updates to ensure the integrity of the security
baseline.

Digital technologies and their capabilities continue to evolve, so
Perimeta for Azure support addresses the ongoing compliance of the
platform and helps guide the further secure adoption of Azure services.

The Azure Security Assessment and Service Catalogue option is a broader
service that helps guide the further secure adoption of Azure services
as an organisation expands their Azure presence. oobe's offerings in the
cybersecurity space, including ACSC 'Essential 8' compliance,
penetration and vulnerability assessments, security architectural
guidance, and monitoring and analytics capabilities work effectively to
provide all the services you need to address security compliance.

oobe's cybersecurity specialists are keeping track of the Perimeta for
Azure architecture ensuring it remains in compliance with ISM / CPS234
standards. Most importantly, oobe has direct connections into Azure
Engineering ensuring that any changes to the underlying cloud platform
are known well in advance and that policies can be configured
accordingly.

As a member of the ACSC Joint Cyber Security Centre, a partner enrolled
in the Managed Service Provider Partner Program (MSP3), and with
ISO27001 certification pending, oobe places cyber security at the core
of everything we do.

To ensure organisations can continue to confidently utilise their
Perimeta for Azure investment the most critical components of ongoing
support are included in this proposal.

This includes access to dashboards, regular reports and Perimeta for
Azure core patches and updates. These technical capabilities are
underpinned with up-to-date access to the latest security documentation,
kept 'evergreen', in lockstep with the latest guidance from the
Australian Cyber Security Centre.

The full list of features is specified in Table 3 \| Standard Support
inclusions.

### Inclusions {#inclusions .oobe-Heading-3-Non-TOC}

The list of inclusions provides the features that are most commonly used
by oobe's customers and maintains the security and integrity of the
Perimeta for Azure Virtual Data Centre.

The Standard Support inclusions are outlined at Table 3.

Table 5 \| Standard Support Inclusions

  -----------------------------------------------------------------------
  **Perimeta for Azure -- Standard Support Tasks**
  -----------------------------------------------------------------------
  Weekly automated compliance summary.

  Monthly inventory and compliance report.

  Core patches to maintain services as changes are made to the underlying
  Azure platform.

  Quarterly updates to security documentation in accordance with
  Australian Cyber Security Centre published standards.

  Updates to standard Perimeta for Azure operational documentation
  including *Spoke Handbook*, *Spoke Onboarding Form,* *Conceptual
  Design, RBAC Model, Standard Operating Procedures.*

  Access to new and enhanced dashboards included in oobe's standard
  Perimeta for Azure offering. [^2]

  Notification and advice of security issues or functionality changes in
  the Azure platform that are relevant to the Perimeta for Azure
  deployment.

  Decommissioning of Spoke Subscriptions.

  Technical Support for Perimeta for Azure Platform.[^3]
  -----------------------------------------------------------------------

## Azure Security Assessment And Service Catalogue (Optional) {#azure-security-assessment-and-service-catalogue-(optional) .oobe-Heading-2-Non-TOC}

### Azure Security Assessments (Optional) {#azure-security-assessments-(optional) .oobe-Heading-3-Non-TOC}

In addition to providing ongoing security monitoring of a customer's
existing Azure capabilities, oobe provides customers the opportunity to
identify any new Azure service they are looking to consume. oobe
provides an experienced Certified Information Systems Security
Professional (CISSP) with comprehensive Azure knowledge to undertake a
risk assessment of the requested service.

The risk assessment includes deployment of the service in an oobe lab to
practically determine any residual risks associated with key security
elements including, but not limited to, data sovereignty, system
hardening, management and monitoring, encryption and networking. In
identifying any residual risks, the oobe risk assessment also identifies
any recommended mitigation actions to consider when developing the
reference configuration of the Azure Service.

An example Azure Service Security Risk Assessment is provided at Annex
B. The Azure Service Security Risk Assessment does not provide the
reference security configuration for deployment. The risk assessment
identifies the complexity level associated with developing the Security
Configuration and customers can either develop their own configuration
or purchase the configuration from oobe.

### Azure Service Catalogue (Optional) {#azure-service-catalogue-(optional) .oobe-Heading-3-Non-TOC}

After completing the Service Assessment, oobe builds a repeatable
pattern-based Security Configuration and associated templates and
blueprints. The configuration includes all the necessary elements to
mitigate residual risks identified during the assessment phase.

The configuration is integrated into the Perimeta for Azure Virtual Data
Centre and provided for deployment in the customer's Azure Service
Catalogue. The pattern deployment is provided as either an Azure
Resource Manager template, Blueprint or via a secure deployment Standard
Operating Procedure. The complete process incorporating the Security
Assessment, Security Configuration and Service Catalogue is outlined in
Annex C Perimeta Secure Service Catalogue.

The Service Catalogue and Security Configurations are not included as
part of Standard Support.

[^1]:

[^2]:

[^3]:

<div style="page-break-before:always"></div>