# Planning and Governance {#planning-and-governance .oobe-Heading-1-Non-TOC}

#  {#section .oobe-Para-Line-Heading-1}

## Overview {#overview .oobe-Heading-2-Non-TOC}

oobe will provide a single point of contact for coordination of oobe
staff and associated design and build activities for {//COMPANY SHORT
NAME//}. oobe intends to resource this engagement with Canberra based
engineers who will predominately work remotely and will leverage its
resources from other oobe state offices to assist with remote site
deployment and configuration activities. The single point of contact
will be in a supporting role to the project and, as such, is represented
by a part-time resource only.

As experienced on previous engagements of a similar size and scope, not
having a resource to undertake these activities results in interruptions
that detract from design and build activities that in turn negatively
affect the project's schedule. In addition to managing the multiple
resources, the oobe PM will also provide the following:

### Status Reporting {#status-reporting .oobe-Heading-3-Non-TOC}


oobe will deliver status reports that will contain the following
sections:

-   Overview -- This section provides an executive level status
    overview.

-   Deliverables -- This section outlines the status of each major
    deliverable/service.

-   Issues for Management Attention -- This section outlines the high
    priority issues that need client management attention. It will also
    include proposed strategies to remediate issues identified.

-   Design decisions -- The section will notify stakeholders of the
    design decisions made during the reporting period.

-   Activities Completed this Period -- This section describes the
    activities that were completed during the current week.

-   Planned Activities for Next Period -- This section outlines the
    activities for the following week

-   Other matters of interest based on the request of the {//COMPANY
    SHORT NAME//} or oobe.

The status reports will be provided on a weekly basis, either at the end
of the business week or the start.

### Scope and Planning {#scope-and-planning .oobe-Heading-3-Non-TOC}

oobe follows a structured methodology with respect to managing
unexpected scope changes. Such scope changes may be encountered in
projects such as this one. If items requiring a scope change are
identified, the following are the high-level steps that we will follow
to discuss with the client's management team:

-   Discuss and confirm the need for additional work with the client

-   Identify additional tasks and deliverables associated with the scope
    change

-   Estimate the work effort associated with the additional tasks and
    deliverables

-   Based on the work effort estimate, determine the impact on schedule
    and budget

-   Draft an addendum or new statement of work if the estimates:

oobe will continually perform duties in a professional manner to deliver
the desired outcomes and whilst onsite, oobe resources will be expected
to work towards the completion of assigned project tasks. It is expected
that {//COMPANY SHORT NAME//} may use a limited amount of time to assist
with questions and items of an advisory nature regarding the existing
environment or items outside of the scope of this engagement. oobe
resources will cooperate in these matters provided it does not result in
a significant deviation from the project plan. In the event that issues
arise requiring an increased time commitment from oobe resources, oobe
will discuss any fee and schedule impact with the appropriate customer
representative prior to proceeding with the work.

oobe expects that delays and schedule slippages occur across complex
projects such as this. Occasionally, due to circumstances beyond oobe's
control, resources may be required to disengage to ensure that allocated
project funding is used appropriately. oobe requires a minimum of ten
(10) working days' notice from the customer to disengage resources from
the project. Resources may be assigned to other customer projects during
this disengagement process. As a result of other work commitments, oobe
will work with the customer to determine the earliest available resource
availability for re-engagement.

### Team Structure and Resources {#team-structure-and-resources .oobe-Heading-3-Non-TOC}

oobe will deploy senior resources to lead the work packages and may
leverage a part time oobe Project Manager. Based on the work packages
selected by the customer, oobe will deploy appropriate security cleared
and experienced consultants to provide the required services to achieve
the outcomes listed in this proposal. oobe consultants are generally
security cleared to a minimum of Negative Vetting 1, with the majority
cleared at Negative Vetting 2.

#### Government Furnished Equipment (GFE) {#government-furnished-equipment-(gfe) .oobe-Heading-4-Non-TOC}

oobe consultants should have access to the following:

-   Workspace (desk, chair, etc.) and access to offices during normal
    work hours as well as after hours

-   Connected computing devices to facilitate access to environments,
    documentation, and systems.

-   Internet, Telephone and Remote access

oobe expect most of the work will be performed remotely from oobe's
business premises. However, {//Company Short Name//} will provide
workspace and meeting rooms when appropriate for the oobe consultants
throughout the duration of the project.

<div style="page-break-before:always"></div>