# Proposal {#proposal .oobe-Heading-1-Non-TOC}

#  {#section .oobe-Para-Line-Heading-1}

({//COMPANY SHORT NAME//}) is \<UNDERGOING AN ICT TRANSFORMATION\>.
{//COMPANY SHORT NAME//} intends to leverage this opportunity to deploy
a modern, cloud-based workspace environment for its staff.

The agency is seeking a technology partner with proven experience in
deploying Microsoft 365 and the DTA's Protected Utility Blueprint. The
technology partner will prepare the {//COMPANY SHORT NAME//} Microsoft
365 tenant to deliver a secure Office 365 platform taking advantage of
the modern workplace capabilities provided by Microsoft 365. oobe and
{//COMPANY SHORT NAME//} intends to leverage the DTA Protected Utility
solution documentation, to accelerate the implementation of their
Microsoft 365 platform, providing a PROETCTED level collaboration
workspace to be used by the agency's employees and stakeholders.

oobe will build, configure, and deploy Microsoft 365 including Exchange
Online, Endpoint Manager, Microsoft Teams and SharePoint for {//COMPANY
SHORT NAME//}. The engagement will require delivering a secure Windows
SOE, including Always on VPN and the latest Office 365 software.
Deployment and management of additional business applications will be
through Endpoint Manager.

This Statement of Work outlines oobe's approach to leverage the DTA
Protected Utility solution documentation in combination with our
Perimeta 365 SaaS platform to stand up {//COMPANY SHORT NAME//}'s
Microsoft 365 tenant.

oobe will work closely with the {//COMPANY SHORT NAME//} team to deliver
against the following high-level requirements:

-   Review the current {//COMPANY SHORT NAME//} requirements

-   Align with the DTA Protected Utility solution

-   Build, configuration, and deployment of DTA Protected Utility
    enabled Microsoft 365 Services including:

    -   Exchange Online

    -   Endpoint Manager

    -   Microsoft Teams

    -   SharePoint Online

-   Develop Windows desktop SOE for consumption of Microsoft 365
    Services

-   Configuration of Microsoft Always on VPN

-   Deployment of Microsoft Office 365 application suite

-   Position {//COMPANY SHORT NAME//}'s additional (if any) business
    software deployment via Endpoint Manager

-   Provide {//COMPANY SHORT NAME//} with design assistance to identify
    and integrate {//COMPANY SHORT NAME//} specific use cases beyond the
    initial DTA Protected Utility configuration.

oobe has extensive experience in the deployment of Microsoft Modern
Workplace solutions across Federal Government agencies, including: The
Australian Bureau of Statistics, IP Australia, Department of Employment,
Skills, Small and Family Business, Sport Australia, Department of
Foreign Affairs and Trade, Digital Transformation Agency, Department of
Finance, Department of Social Services, Defence and others.

oobe will leverage its close relationships with the local and national
Microsoft teams, and its membership in several specialist programs only
available to selected partners (e.g. Microsoft's Cloud & Enterprise
Security Engineering program and the Microsoft Managed Desktop program)
during this engagement.

oobe engineers will also leverage their experience in the configuration
of the DTA's desktop.gov.au environment to streamline the delivery of
the final solution.

**Perimeta for 365**

Perimeta 365 is a secure, enterprise platform designed to assist with
security compliance and maximising an organisation's Microsoft 365
investment. It provides automated security compliance by actively
monitoring existing Microsoft 365 deployments for configuration drift
and unauthorised changes against a baseline such as the DTA Protected
Utility.

As part of this professional services engagement, Perimeta 365 will be
used to fast-track deployment of DTA Protected Utility aligned Microsoft
365 services for {//COMPANY SHORT NAME//}. Various federal government
agencies (including but not limited to: Digital Transformation Agency,
Australian Bureau of Statistics, Department of Education, Skills and
Employment, Department of Parliamentary Services, CSIRO, Defence Force
Recruiting and other security-based agencies) leverage Perimeta 365 to
expedite the deployment of Microsoft 365, reduce administrative overhead
and strengthen security posture through automation. Further details have
been included under 'Perimeta for 365'.

<div style="page-break-before:always"></div>